cloud: add release notes for 20251230 (#22247)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-release-notes.md

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2025.

## December 30, 2025

**General changes**

- **TiDB Cloud Dedicated**

    - Support TiProxy (Public Preview).

>         TiProxy, the official proxy component of PingCAP, is now available in public preview for [TiDB Cloud Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated) clusters. It provides enhanced connection management and load balancing to improve database reliability and performance.

Author: ```suggestion
    - Support TiProxy (Beta).

        TiProxy, the official proxy component of PingCAP, is now available in beta for [TiDB Cloud Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated) clusters. It provides enhanced connection management and load balancing to improve database reliability and performance.
```

  
        Highlights:

        - Maintains persistent client connections during scaling operations and rolling upgrades.
        - Evenly distributes traffic across TiDB nodes for better resource utilization.
  

>         For more information, see [Overview of TiProxy](/tidb-cloud/tiproxy-overview-for-cloud.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      For more information, see [Overview of TiProxy](/tidb-cloud/tiproxy-overview-for-cloud.md).
```

- **TiDB Cloud Essential**

   - Support changefeeds (Beta).

>         The changefeed feature is now available in beta in both the TiDB Cloud console and TiDB Cloud CLI for [TiDB Cloud Essential](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#essential). It enables you to stream data from TiDB Cloud to other data services, currently supporting Apache Kafka and MySQL as destinations.

Author: ```suggestion
   - Support changefeeds (Public Preview).

        The changefeed feature is now available in public preview in both the TiDB Cloud console and TiDB Cloud CLI for [TiDB Cloud Essential](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#essential). It enables you to stream data from TiDB Cloud to other data services, currently supporting Apache Kafka and MySQL as destinations.
```
